PerfectScale integration (#2365)
DataDog/integrations-extras: perfectscale/README.md

# Agent Check: Perfectscale

## Overview

PerfectScale is a comprehensive cloud-agnostic solution that enables teams with continuous and autonomous Kubernetes optimization capabilities. Our main goal is to empower teams to effortlessly manage their infrastructure, make quick, data-driven decisions, and reach peak performance at the lowest possible cost.

> PerfectScale monitors resiliency metrics throughout your K8s environment. When PerfectScale identifies under-provisioned or misconfigured workloads, it promptly pushes an alert to the Datadog detailing the issue type (such as OOM, CPU-Throttling, Eviction, etc.) along with its precise location (cluster, namespace, workload, and container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PerfectScale monitors resiliency metrics throughout your Kubernetes environment. When PerfectScale identifies under-provisioned or misconfigured workloads, it promptly pushes an alert to the Datadog dashboard detailing the issue type (such as OOM, CPU-Throttling, Eviction, and more) along with its precise location (cluster, namespace, workload, and container).
```

> PerfectScale monitors resiliency metrics throughout your Kubernetes environment. When PerfectScale identifies under-provisioned or misconfigured workloads, it promptly pushes an alert to the Datadog dashboard detailing the issue type (such as OOM, CPU-Throttling, Eviction, and more) along with its precise location (cluster, namespace, workload, and container).

Reviewer 2: Can you add what specific data the integration monitors? For example, if you are only sending in metrics please add that this integration sends in <type of metric> metrics to Datadog.

Author: Done

## Setup

### Create account

> If you don't have a PerfectScale account yet, sign up for a [free 30-day trial][1]. Once it is active, you can start using PerfectScale integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a PerfectScale account yet, sign up for a [free 30-day trial][1]. Once it is active, you can start using the PerfectScale integration.
```

### Configuration

>  1. [Sign-in][2] to PerfectScale.
>  2. In order to start using Datadog integration, the cluster should be connected to PerfectScale. If it is not done yet, add the cluster in 3 simple steps following the instructions in our [Documentation][3].
> ![Perfectscale Screenshot][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [Sign in to][2] PerfectScale.
 2. To start using the Datadog integration, the cluster should be connected to PerfectScale. If this is not completed yet, add the cluster by following the instructions the [official PerfectScale documentation][3].
      ![Perfectscale Screenshot][4]
```

>  3. Create an [API Key][5] in DataDog for the PerfectScale integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Create an [API Key][5] in Datadog for the PerfectScale integration.
```

>  4. [Create a Datadog profile][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Create a Datadog profile][6].
```

> 1. [Sign in to][2] PerfectScale.
> 2. To start using the Datadog integration, the cluster should be connected to PerfectScale. If this is not completed yet, add the cluster by following the instructions in the [official PerfectScale documentation][3].
> ![Perfectscale Screenshot][4]
> 3. Create an [API Key][5] in Datadog for the PerfectScale integration.
> 4. [Create a Datadog profile][6].
> 5. Paste your API Key and select the associated [site][7].
> 6. Apply the profile to the desired cluster(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Sign in to][2] PerfectScale.
2. To start using the Datadog integration, the cluster should be connected to PerfectScale. If this is not completed yet, add the cluster by following the instructions in the [official PerfectScale documentation][3].
![Perfectscale Screenshot][4]

3. Create an [API Key][5] in Datadog for the PerfectScale integration.
4. [Create a Datadog profile][6].
5. Paste your API Key and select the associated [site][7].
6. Apply the profile to the desired cluster(s).
```

Reviewer 2: When looking in our stagin env, the steps below the image are in the same line. Can you try adding this space to see if this resolves the issue?

Author: Done

### Uninstallation

> To stop using PerfectScale Datadog Integration, simply unassign your Datadog profile from a cluster. Check out the [full instructions][7] here.

Reviewer: Do you want to add a
```suggestion
To stop using PerfectScale Datadog Integration, simply un-assign your Datadog profile from a cluster. For more information, see the [official PerfectScale documentation][6].
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help with the integration? Contact our [PerfectScale support][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help with the integration? Contact [PerfectScale support][8].
```

# Agent Check: Perfectscale

## Overview

PerfectScale is a comprehensive cloud-agnostic solution that enables teams with continuous and autonomous Kubernetes optimization capabilities. Our main goal is to empower teams to effortlessly manage their infrastructure, make quick, data-driven decisions, and reach peak performance at the lowest possible cost.

> This integration enables you to receive PerfectScale Alerts directly into your Datadog dashboard, ensuring you stay informed about any resilience risks identified in your Kubernetes environment, and helping you prioritize tasks to eliminate the issues before they impact performance and user experience.

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify what data your integration specifically monitors and what type of data is specifically sent into Datadog?

Author: Done

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

## Setup

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

### Create account

If you don't have a PerfectScale account yet, sign up for a [free 30-day trial][1]. Once it is active, you can start using PerfectScale integration.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

### Configuration

 1. [Sign-in][2] to PerfectScale.
 2. In order to start using Datadog integration, the cluster should be connected to PerfectScale. If it is not done yet, add the cluster in 3 simple steps following the instructions in our [Documentation][3].
![Perfectscale Screenshot][4]

>  3. Create an API Key in DataDog:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 3. Create an [API Key][10] in DataDog for the Perfectscale integration
```

Author: Done

>     - Go to Organizations settings
>     - Click New Key
>     ![Perfectscale Screenshot][5]
>     - Copy your API Key for the next step
>     ![Perfectscale Screenshot][6]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

 4. [Create a Datadog profile][7].

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Paste your API Key and select the associated [site][11].
```

Author: Done

>     The profile configuration:
>     - datadog_api_key: <API_KEY>
>     - datadog_site_region: datadoghq.com
> 
>     The available datadog_site_region:
>     
>        | Code    | Site              |            
>        |---------|-------------------|
>        | US1     | datadoghq.com     |
>        | US3     | us3.datadoghq.com |
>        | US5     | datadoghq.com     |
>        | EU      | datadoghq.eu      |
>        | AP1     | ap1.datadoghq.com |
>        | US1-FED | ddog-gov.com      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: @emarsha94 Can we keep the explanation about PerfectScale profile fields:
```
The profile configuration:
    - datadog_api_key: <API_KEY>
    - datadog_site_region: datadoghq.com
```
?

Author: Done, but if we can keep the fields that we require in the profile here it will be great

> 5. Apply the profile to the desired cluster(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Apply the profile to the desired cluster(s).
```

Author: Done

### Uninstallation

To stop using PerfectScale Datadog Integration, simply unassign your Datadog profile from a cluster. Check out the [full instructions][8] here.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help with the integration? Contact our [support][9].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help with the integration? Contact [Perfectscale support][9].
```

Author: Done

[1]: https://app.perfectscale.io/account/sign-up?_fs=16602000196-15320833110&_fsRef=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.perfectscale.io%2F
[2]: https://app.perfectscale.io/account/login
[3]: https://docs.perfectscale.io/getting-started/step-by-step-guide-to-onboard-a-cluster
[4]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/perfectscale/images/perfectscale-connect-cluster.png
[5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/perfectscale/images/perfectscale-create-key.png
[6]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/perfectscale/images/perfectscale-copy-key.png
[7]: https://docs.perfectscale.io/customizations/communication-and-messaging/datadog-alerts-integration
[8]: https://docs.perfectscale.io/customizations/communication-and-messaging/datadog-alerts-integration
[9]: mailto:support@perfectscale.io

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[10]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/
```

Author: Done
